+++
title = 'Baldy Chutes 2005'
date = 2024-07-03T15:38:30-06:00
+++

The 2004/5 ski season was one of the best snow years in many seasons. At one point, Alta was reporting a 211&quot; base and over 650&quot; of snowfall.
The Baldy Chutes were open many times, from both sides, and I skied Main Chute at least 3 times and Little Chute once.
On Mar. 6th, a herd of us hiked up and skied the chutes and then back to Snowbird via the Keyhole; we never rode an Alta lift.
These photos were taken by Rick Gardiner.

Here's some of the gang at the top of Mt. Baldy. In the left photo are (l-to-r) Christine Gerner, Hania Stawowy, Lala Stawowy, and Joni Borghesani.
Di Landau (partially hidden), me, Chris Chads, and Christine are in the middle photo, and that's Joni again in the right photo.

{{< div >}}
{{< thumb gang1_05.jpg "Christine, Hania, Lala, Joni" >}}
{{< thumb gang2_05.jpg "Di, Dave, Chris, Christine" >}}
{{< thumb joni_05.jpg "Joni" >}}
{{< /div >}}

Christine and I decided to ski Little Chute, which is a bit steeper and narrower than Main Chute and it curves to the skier's right, but it was smoother.
Little Chute is the slot to left of Main Chute in
{{< popup mainchute_04.jpg "Little Chute" >}}this photo{{< /popup >}} and in
{{< popup mainchute.jpg "Little Chute" >}}this one{{< /popup >}}.
The left photo below looks down Little Chute.
The rocks on the right side of the entrance spooked me, so I sideslipped past them; Christine didn't notice the rocks and zipped right down the chute.
Everyone else skied Main Chute. The second and subsequent photos below show Joni just after sliding in, Karan Bleicher about 1/3 down (on her tele skis!),
and a view looking up Main Chute from about 2/3 down.

{{< div >}}
{{< thumb little_chute_05.jpg "Little Chute" >}}
{{< thumb main_chute_05.jpg "Joni in Main Chute" >}}
{{< thumb karan_05.jpg "Karan in Main Chute" >}}
{{< thumb lookingup_05.jpg "Looking up Main Chute" >}}
{{< /div >}}
